Ivan Matthew, matthew523
Clearance Level 2
Entrant
23/12/2020
A couple internal agents have participated in securing the perimeter, though eventually found out to be useless.
No Class-D have participated in this field research.

SCP - Unknown. It had appeared at the shooting range, located at site Phi. We don't know much about it, therefore I'd like to discover more about this creature.
For this field research, I have put together up a research question that goes as follows:

What is it's purpose and why has it appeared?

I think it has come here to explore, discover or eliminate. Like every other pattern of an SCP anomaly. If it really has come here to explore, discover or eliminate, I would
assume a deceased body after this field research, or rapid movement from the creature to different locations.

SCP Unknown
Suggested classification: Keter/Thaumiel

It can only be described as a purple being of the void. It it emitting a purple aura, alongside with large quantities of (small) arms within it's visible body.
These large quantities of (small) arms are proclaimed to be not the creature's, rather sentient arms that have the need to escape. It has 2 main, bigger arms, the functions
that have been captured with these arms are: slashing or opening portals. Most likely to other places or even dimensions. Further research needed. The creature is triggered by
specific words or sentences and will attack aynone who speaks them out loud. As such, it seems to have a higher intelligence. One slash of his main arm does around 80-99 damage. He is wearing what looks like a crown, on top of it's hood. It's hood
covers a face with an ancient runic symbol on it. At the middle of his body, is a bright purple object, presumable an exposed heart. Further research needed. It seems to be
able to duplicate itself while teleporting to other places, either there are multiple sentient instances, or it controls all the instances.

Repeated questioning gave me clarification on alot of things:
- The creature presumably feels no pain: "It is not necessary for me to feel pain".
- The creature proclaims to be weak towards void creatures.
- The creature is confirmed to be strong towards humans.
- The small arms are not his, but sentient enough to try and escape it's visible body.
- Ignores questions or requests that have to do with the creature being touched.
- Is proficient in multiple human languages, confirmed languages are Spanish and English.
- Repeatedly wants to speak of the truth.
- Wants to find the deceiver, confirmed to be The Administrator.
- Wants to eliminate the deceiver.
- Names humans as "deceived ones" (specifically all Foundation Personnel).


It is concluded that my hypothesis is right. It has come to eliminate The Administrator and speak of the "truth". Though, no body was found to be deceased by the hands of this
creature, it is possible The Administrator found means to hide from the creature.

The field research went well, I have been able to have all my questions answered. Though I would not be so fond of the outcome related to this research.
If my research paper has been silenced and you have been able to read this, you should know why.


Additional pictures:
https://i.imgur.com/nyqpCNW.jpeg
1A) A picture of the shooting range, empty.
https://gyazo.com/89bd14b78f1b295ef1353b65330de6d3
1B) A picture of the shooting range, including the creature. (Credits to luketom10)
