Ivan Matthew, matthew523
Clearance Level 2
Entrant
16/12/2020
DarkRestoration, Security Junior has supervised this test by his combat abilities. Alongside the MP personnel, several intelligence agents had also supervised the test.
One Class-D has participated in this research test.

SCP 035 is an interesting anomaly by nature, it can possess bodies, preferrably alive and well. It can possibly be used as a means of interrogation.
Though, it just seems a mask from the outside, maybe there is someting more to it from the inside. There has never been any conclusive proof of how SCP 035 is able to possess
bodies by just the mask. It seems extraordinary how humanity itself has come close to recreating the perspective of other people. Though humanity had needed many technical
processes to achieve this; while SCP 035, a mask from the past, has no problem possessing a host quite instantly. Hence the research question:

Where do the powers of SCP 035 come from, within the mask?

As puzzles as I am, I would think SCP 035's powers and cerebral memories come from a dimension that isn't viewable by a human. Most likely a fourth, or even fifth dimension.
If SCP 035's powers truly come from a dimension, we humans can not view, SCP 035 would, as per mathematical theorem, delay it's possession and we would feel a tiny light
breeze, which would come from the energy that is necessary to transport objects between dimensions.

SCP 035
Keter Containment Classification

On our way to SCP 035, we had intelligence agents ram our humvee with a white van, following all intelligence agents combining into one singular humvee, that would tail us until we
reached Site Epsilon. Upon arrival to SCP 035's containment chamber, the Class-D had acquired a high level keycard resulting in early exposure to SCP 035. The test was cut short
and the Class-D subject was terminated.

1 Class-D has fallen.
No conclusion was able to be drawn from this test.
Disarment should not only be checked on weapons, but also cards. Further testing is required.
